"Be brave enough to suck at something new." -Unknown
"Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody else expects of you." -Henry Ward Beecher
"Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create." -Roy T. Bennett
"Forget mistakes. Forget failure. Forget everything except what you are going to do now and do it. Today is your lucky day!" -Og Mandino
"Your only limitations are those you set up in your mind or permit others to set up for you." -Og Mandino
"All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream." -Edgar Allan Poe
"While some of us act without thinking, too many of us think without acting." -Dan Millman
"Think of yourself as dead. you have lived your life. Now, take what's left, and live it properly." -Marcus Aurelius
"It is those who concentrate on but one thing at a time who advance in this world." -Gary Keller
"What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things instead of using people and loving things." -Unknown
"All I can do is be me, whoever that is." -Bob Dylan
"Trust, but verify." -Ronald Reagan
"Definitions belong to the definers, not the defined." -Toni Morrison
"He suffers more than necessary, who suffers before it is necessary.  " -Seneca
"There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure." -Colin Powell
"I discovered a long time ago that if I helped enough people get what they wanted, I would always get what I wanted and I would never have to worry." -Tony Robbins
"The only limits in your life are those that you set yourself." -Celestine Chua
"Man's character is his fate." -Heraclitus
"The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat." -Lily Tomlin
"Be patient and calm; no one can catch fish in anger." -Herbert Hoover
"Once a decision was made, I didn't worry about it afterward." -Harry S. Truman
"Learn only how to avoid seeking for and attaching yourselves to anything." -Huang Po
"Never spend your money before you have earned it." -Thomas Jefferson
"Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars." -Kahlil Gibran
"The more you are motivated by Love, The more Fearless & Free your action will be." -Dalai Lama
"Don't seek, don't avoid, don't expect. Take what comes and be happy." -Maxime Lagace
"Don't be afraid that you do not know something. Be afraid of not learning about it." -Zen Proverb
"All happiness depends on courage and work." -Honore de Balzac
"When you have vision it affects your attitude. Your attitude is optimistic rather than pessimistic. " -Charles Swindoll
"The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why." -Mark Twain
"There are only two ways to live your life. One is as if nothing is a miracle. The other is as if everything is a miracle." -Albert Einstein
"The best teacher is experience and not through someone's distorted point of view." -Jack Kerouac
"The idea of ourselves is our escape from the fact of what we really are." -Jiddu Krishnamurti
"You can start changing our world for the better daily, no matter how small the action." -Nelson Mandela
"Be as fluid as water, do not give your enemies anything solid to attack." -Robert Greene
"Life doesn't get easier or more forgiving, we get stronger and more resilient." -Steve Maraboli
"We're kept from our goal not by obstacles, but by a clear path to a lesser goal." -Bhagavad Gita
"Everything eaten is killed. Every meal is a sacrifice." -Adi Da Samraj
"Only the educated are free." -Epictetus
"Judgments prevent us from seeing the good that lies beyond appearances.  " -Wayne Dyer
"The number one cause of failure is the fear of failure." -Steve Harvey
"If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans. " -Woody Allen
"The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones that do." -Steve Jobs
"It's not what you say out of your mouth that determines your life, it's what you whisper to yourself that has the most power!" -Robert Kiyosaki
"One loses many laughs by not laughing at oneself." -Mary Engelbreit
"Who you are is defined by what you're willing to struggle for." -Mark Manson
"Either you choose to stay in the shallow end of the pool or you go out into the ocean." -Christopher Reeve
"It is easy to love your friend, but sometimes the hardest lesson to learn is to love your enemy." -Sun Tzu
"There is peace even in the storm." -Vincent van Gogh